Justin Dove for invitation to SIPB, M.I.T. (June 19th, 2014 - June 20th, 2014).
Oskar Nakken for tips on adding KEXP (Seattle, WA) to src/girl.xml
Richard Hughes for tips on adding data/girl.app.data.xml and data/girl.desktop.in
Federico Mena Quintero for launching the GNOME project and writing GNOME Canvas
Piotr Drąg for fixing minor typos in src/girl-station.c and Polish translation.
Hans Petter Jansson for help with debugging and implementing generic timezones.
Ettore Perazzoli (June 15, 1974 - December 10, 2003) for GNOME VFS.
Bernd Homuth for minor spelling correction.
Muhammet Kara for Turkish translation.
Balázs Úr for Hungarian translation.
Wiki Graphic Designer for earliest icon design.
Aly Raj for earlier icon design.
Andika Triwidada for Indonesian translation.
Dominique Leuenberger for autoconf and automake patch (Bugzilla #743340).
Daniel Mustieles for Spanish translation.
Efstathios Iosifidis for Greek translation.
Γιάννης Κουτσούκος for Greek translation.
Matej Urbančič for Slovenian translation.
Samir Ribić for Bosnian translation.
Enrico Nicoletto for Brazilian Portuguese translation.
Lillebjørn Nilsen for inspiration to continue work on GIRL.
Sveinn í Felli for Icelandic translation.
Josef Andersson for Swedish translation.
Igor Gnatenko for patch that updates the FSF address (Bugzilla #753044).
Mario Blättermann for German translation.
Mathilde Agostini for the GIRL icon design.
Necdet Yücel for Turkish translation.
Rafael Fontenelle for Brazilian Portuguese translation.
Andy Daniel Cruz Campos for Spanish translation.
Mирослав Николић for Serbian translation.
Balázs Meskó for Hungarian translation.
Petter Reinholdtsen for tip on Save requester for recording and Debian package.
Hans Petter Jansson for help with GAsyncReadyCallback.
Laudivan Freire de Almeida for Brazilian Portuguese translation.
Tarjei Tjønn for Debian build script.
Claude Paroz for paroles.fm Internet radio station patch (Bugzilla #770473).
Bernd Homuth for German translation.
Paul Feuvraux and Claude Paroz for French translation.
Anders Jonsson for Swedish translation.
Dominique Leuenberger for GStreamer 1.0 port (Bugzilla #777397).
